reorg examples (#2)
blues/note-outboard-dfu: test/README.md

# Test

> This folder contains app that stress test Outboard DFU against a host app that is sending a high volume of commands over the I2C bus to the Notecard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains app that stress tests Outboard Firmware Update against a host app that is sending a high volume of commands over the I2C bus to the Notecard.
```

> This folder contains app that stress test Outboard DFU against a host app that is sending a high volume of commands over the I2C bus to the Notecard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This folder contains an app that stress tests Outboard DFU against a host app that is sending a high volume of commands over the I2C bus to the Notecard.
```

The apps are Arduino sketches for STM32 and ESP32 boards.

> To stress test Notecard Outboard Firmware Updates (NOFU) with a chatty host, flash one of these apps to your host, and then use NOFU to flash a regular app. When the update succeeds, the stress test is passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stress test Notecard Outboard Firmware Updates with a chatty host, flash one of these apps to your host, and then use Outboard Firmware Update to flash a regular app. When the update succeeds, the stress test is passed.
```
